README FILE
Names: 
Dan Shadel
Jared Westmoreland
Eli Cruse
Logan Falkensten

Organization of Project: 
The project was initially divided into the four parts: Dan responsible for part 1, Jared for part 2, Logan for part 3, and Eli for part 4.
However, we realized that some parts were much simpler than others, and ended up changing our methods to tackle the easiest portions first,
instead of just leaving each part to one person. We adapted to quickly complete the first part, with Dan being the one completeing the most
of it, with some small corrections by the remainder of the group later on. This followed for part 2, which was for the most part straightforward
to implement, and lead by Jared, however when attempting to tackle parts 3 and 4 in pairs, we ran into difficulties. The final two portions
were definitely a team effort, and required multiple hours of dedication by all involved to try and complete properly. Readme file created by
Logan, Makefile initially created by Dan.

Design Overview:
The code is divided up into 3 major sections, the shell.h, which contains the function declarations and other header material; shell.c,
which is where the 'main' is held, and largely only exists to determine if the program should run in batch mode or interactive mode,
based on the user's initial input.
Functions.c is where the bulk of the code exists. In particular, the execute function handles almost all of the work, such as piping, redirected input,
and essentially executing any command the user throws at it within definition of the design requirements. It is designed to handle both redirected 
promts, and standard commands.
The 'checknumofoperators' command is used purely for determining the number of redirections in a user input.
the 'interactive' and 'batch' functions are self explainatory, execution upon the user's initial input as running in batch mode, or interactive mode. 

Complete Specification: 
Our code sees the whitespace in between semicolons as an empty token, nothing will happen.



known Bugs/ Problems:
Currently, our code is insufficient at utelizing pipelining, and there is a bug in the redirection that prevents it from actually redirecting the files
in or out. 
